docs: codesandbox graphql embeds (#21000)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/docs-contributions.md

- Determine the URL you're looking for. `Changing headers` is linked with a URL ending in `changing-headers`, `Docs renaming instructions` becomes `docs-renaming-instructions`, etc.
- Update all instances of the old URL to your new one. [Find and replace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_search-across-files) in VS Code can help. Check that the context of the original link reference still makes sense with the new one.

## Adding embedded GraphQL examples

> There are embedded examples in a few places in the docs (like the [GraphQL Reference guide](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/graphql-reference/)) as a way to provide a working version of a query demonstrated or discussed in a guide. In the specific example of the GraphQL Query Options Reference page, these examples of the GraphiQL interface show how data can be queried from Gatsby's data layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are embedded examples in a few places in the docs (like the [GraphQL Reference guide](/docs/graphql-reference/)) that provide a working version of the code described. In the specific example of the GraphQL Query Options Reference page, these examples of the GraphiQL interface show how data can be queried from Gatsby's data layer.
```

> To write a new GraphQL example, a Codesandbox project with a Gatsby site can be opened at its server container link like `https://<project-id>.sse.codesandbox.io/` (for example: [https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/](https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/)). Because Codesandbox is running a Gatsby site in [`develop` mode instead of `build` mode](/docs/overview-of-the-gatsby-build-process/) you can navigate to GraphiQL by adding `/___graphql` to the link. Write an example query, and when you have a query you are satisfied with, the query fields and names will be saved as URL parameters so you can share the link. Copy the URL and use it as the `src` of an iframe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To write a new GraphQL example, a Codesandbox project with a Gatsby site can be opened at its server container link, for example: [https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/](https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/). Because Codesandbox is running a Gatsby site in [`develop` mode instead of `build` mode](/docs/overview-of-the-gatsby-build-process/) you can navigate to GraphiQL by adding `/___graphql` to the link. Write an example query, and when you have a query you are satisfied with, the query fields and names will be saved as URL parameters so you can share the link. Copy the URL and use it as the `src` of an iframe:
```

```mdx
Here's an example of a GraphQL query inline:

<iframe src="https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/___graphql?query=query%20TitleQuery%20%7B%0A%20%20site%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20siteMetadata%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20title%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%0A%20%20%7D%0A%7D%0A&explorerIsOpen=false&operationName=TitleQuery" /> // highlight-line

More markdown content...

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
> Note that you should set the `explorerIsOpen` parameter in the URL to `false` if it isn't already.
```

Reviewer: Not sure that's working. But you see what I'm trying to do!

Author: Those are ending the code block so not entirely sure I see what you're doing 😬 maybe that last line "More markdown content..." is confusing as I was trying to say if this example were part of a doc it'd be included in the markdown.

Reviewer: I'm trying to add this note below the code snippet!
`Note that you should set the explorerIsOpen parameter in the URL to false if it isn't already.`

Author: Ohhhhhhh gotca, gotcha 🙂 that does make sense! I'll add it in!

> <iframe src="https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/___graphql?query=query%20TitleQuery%20%7B%0A%20%20site%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20siteMetadata%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20title%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%0A%20%20%7D%0A%7D%0A&explorerIsOpen=true&operationName=TitleQuery" /> // highlight-line

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be explorerIsOpen=false?

Author: Yeah, you're right! Thanks for catching1

```suggestion
<iframe src="https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/___graphql?query=query%20TitleQuery%20%7B%0A%20%20site%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20siteMetadata%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20title%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%0A%20%20%7D%0A%7D%0A&explorerIsOpen=false&operationName=TitleQuery" /> // highlight-line
```

To write a new GraphQL example, a Codesandbox project with a Gatsby site can be opened at its server container link, for example: [https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/](https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/). Because Codesandbox is running a Gatsby site in [`develop` mode instead of `build` mode](/docs/overview-of-the-gatsby-build-process/) you can navigate to GraphiQL by adding `/___graphql` to the link. Write an example query, and when you have a query you are satisfied with, the query fields and names will be saved as URL parameters so you can share the link. Copy the URL and use it as the `src` of an iframe:

```mdx
Here's an example of a GraphQL query inline:

<iframe src="https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/___graphql?query=query%20TitleQuery%20%7B%0A%20%20site%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20siteMetadata%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20title%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%0A%20%20%7D%0A%7D%0A&explorerIsOpen=false&operationName=TitleQuery" /> // highlight-line

> 

Reviewer 2: I miss here the info about the lazy parameter you added in this PR

To write a new GraphQL example, a Codesandbox project with a Gatsby site can be opened at its server container link, for example: [https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/](https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/). Because Codesandbox is running a Gatsby site in [`develop` mode instead of `build` mode](/docs/overview-of-the-gatsby-build-process/) you can navigate to GraphiQL by adding `/___graphql` to the link. Write an example query, and when you have a query you are satisfied with, the query fields and names will be saved as URL parameters so you can share the link. Copy the URL and use it as the `src` of an iframe:

```mdx
Here's an example of a GraphQL query inline:

<iframe src="https://711808k40x.sse.codesandbox.io/___graphql?query=query%20TitleQuery%20%7B%0A%20%20site%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20siteMetadata%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20title%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%0A%20%20%7D%0A%7D%0A&explorerIsOpen=false&operationName=TitleQuery" /> // highlight-line

More markdown content...
```

> Note that you should set the `explorerIsOpen` parameter in the URL to `false` if it isn't already.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
